Instructions for running the script make_SMS_lhes.py. First make sure that you
have checked out all the entire directory UserCode/crsilk/SMSLHE/ from cvs.The 
main script, takes in a list of SLHA files, creates LHE events for each of the
files and then ouputs one large, combined LHE file with a comment inserted in
each event telling you which parameter point it belongs to. 

Also if you want to test the script on a list of SLHA files then check out:
UserCode/SusyAnalysis/SLHAFILES/T1Lh/


###################
How To Run
###################

1. Interactively:
python make_SMS_lhes.py $NUMBEROFEVENTS $DIRECTORYOFSLHAFILES $SLHAFILELIST

Where the $NUMBEROFEVENTS is the number of LHE events to be made per parameter
point, $DIRECTORYOFSLHAFILES is the directory where the input SLHA files are 
found and $SLHAFILEList is the list of SLHA files that will be put into the 
combined LHE file. It uses slhaTolhe_SMS_cfg.py as a template cfg to produce
the events, and sorts them according to a standard naming convention:
modeltag_parameter1_parameter2_parameter3.slha

2. Via condor:
condor_submit condor_make_SMS_lhes.submit

Everything that needs to be modified is located in condor_make_SMS_lhes.submit,
under evironment. This will take ALL of the SLHA files located in the SCANDIR,
sort them, and then put them into combined LHE files of a size determined by
FILESPERPOINT, with number of events per point defined by NEVENTS.Before the 
main script, make_SMS_lhes.py is run the script sorter_SMS.py is used to put 
the files in a sensible order (otherwise it will just be in the order that ls
would put them in). To make sure that all of the slha files are run over the 
number in Queue * FILEPERPOINT >= number of SLHA files.

###################
Modification Guide 
###################

If you want to make simple modifications to the script for a different SUSY 
model, this is a guide to what you will have to change. It will be much much 
more simple if your input SLHA files take the naming convention:

modeltag_parameter1_parameter2_parameter3_..._parameterN.slha

1. make_SMS_lhes.py
	a. mySort -- line 35
	
	It is currently set up to sort by first parameter2, then by parameter3. If
	you would like your SLHA files to be sorted differently you will need to 
	change this function.

	b. fromFileToFile -- line 105

	This function creates the name of the ouput LHE file. It is currently set 
	up to create a file by the name: 
	
	modeltag_parameter1_parameter2_parameter3Toparameter2'_parameter3'.slha

	This will need to be changed if you are planning on using a different 
	naming convention

2. sorter_SMS.py
	a. mySort -- line 4

	Change in the exact way as mSort is above.

3. slhaTolhe_cfg.py

This is the template cfg that will take in the individual SLHA files and 
produce the LHE events. You may need to make changes to the pythia 
configuration or other things. but don't touch the strings "NUMEVTS", 
"SLHADIR", "RUNSLHA" or "MYRANSEED" because the script will be looking for 
these.


####################
Last Bit
####################

If you have questions, or you find that there are indeed other modifications
necessary in order to alter this script, email me at 
christopher.silkworth@cern.ch